This is a new version of HTML Renderer If you want the Original it is at https://github.com/ArthurHub/HTML-Renderer
It is no longer supported apparently and I needed to fix some things and add somefeatures not currently supported.

**Additional features Include**
* Fixed Line Height issue - Single line items were not getting proper line height (the spacing above the item was ignored)
* Fixed Border spacing - extra 1px was added to items for the border causing issues with spacing
*

**Cross framework** (WinForms/WPF/PDF/Metro/Mono/etc.), **Multipurpose** (UI Controls / Image generation / PDF generation / etc.), **100% managed** (C#), High performance HTML Rendering library.

The library is 100% managed **C#** code without any external dependencies (no WebBrowser control, ActiveX / COM or MSHTML dll), the only requirement is **.NET 2.0 or higher**.

### Features and Benefits
* Extensive HTML 4.01 and CSS level 2 specifications support.
* Support separating CSS from HTML by loading stylesheet code separately.
* Support text selection, copy-paste and context menu.
* WinForms controls: HtmlPanel, HtmlLabel and HtmlToolTip.
* WPF controls: HtmlPanel and HtmlLabel.
* Works on Mono.
* Create images/PDFs from HTML snippets.
* Handles "real world" malformed HTML, it doesn't have to be XHTML.
* 100% managed code and no external dependencies.
* Supports .NET 2.0 or higher including Client Profile.
* Lightweight, just two DLLs (~300K).
* High performance and low memory footprint.
* Extendable and configurable.
* Powerful [Demo application] to explore and learn the library.

### WinForms/WPF controls
* *HtmlPanel* - The full power of HTML control build to replace WebBrowser control, accepts HTML, text selection, scrollbars, link click intercept, image load intercept and much more.
* *HtmlLabel* - As WinForms label but accepts HTML, text selection, auto-size capabilities, transparent background and more.
* *HtmlToolTip* - As WinForms ToolTip control but accepts HTML and ability to handle links (WinForms only).

### Sample application's
* Render HTML content generated by rich web editors like forums, blogs, etc.
* Render Office documents converted to HTML.
* Create WinForms UI that requires text selection with clipboard support.
* [Create images from HTML code snippets]
* Create PDF document from HTML code snippets.

### NuGet packages


#### HTML Renderer on my blog
